# Releases

## New in 0.60:

* Added the `SCRIPT` command. If it is convenient to split a script in two, the other half can be in another worksheet. It is up to the user to choose wether a `TABLE` or a `SCRIPT` is more convenient.

## New in 0.70:

* One global list of scripts, so if several assemblies refer to the same script, the image generated by that script is only calculated once for each screen. This saves computing time and memory.
* The Frames class is removed. Settings for each frame are calculated at the time the frame is created.
* A superclass where all the generic properties and methods of Items are stored, `IMAGE`, `TEXT`, `ASSEMBLY`, etc. are subclasses of the BaseItem. This makes the code much more compact.

## New in 0.71:

* Image quality for scaling of images improved with the use of Image.ANTIALIAS

## New in 0.72:

* Includes the `CANVAS` item which is based on the `ASSEMBLY` item but is not erased between frames.

## Release 0.8:

* Small bug fixes

## Release 1.00:

* Ported to Python3
* Added `AnimatedGIF` command
* Added `Movie` command
* Added `TimeOffset`
* Manual ported to MarkDown

# To do:

* More options for AnimatedGIF and Movie
* Consider another spreadsheet library (such as Pandas) to allow support of open document spreadsheets too
* Allow for negative scaling
* Solve why opacity turns red
* Let the user choose between 'fast' or 'pretty'
* Gather all scaling, translation and rotation transformations in one transformation to make it faster
* Make a robust Init procedure for the font directory. Use try .. except statements to check in which folder the fonts are located and which fonts are available.
* Default Zorder should be in the order in which the items are created
* Zorder as DiscreteProperty
* Zorder, `while time[index] < time`
* Remember images in different phases, create the possibility to turn it off if too memory intensive
* Parse commands can be easier if commands are grouped in a few groups
* Opacity interpolates only linear. Benificial to add other options?
* Make Animate run with SVG elements instead of PNGs
